This sermon is brought to you by Buford Road Baptist Church, the speaker today as Pastor Tony Kahoot.
We want you to take your Bibles and turn with me now as we continue to look at this great chapter, chapter 11.
This is one of my favorite chapters in Revelation.
And I pray that it's been a blessing to you as well.
So in this particular chapter here,
when we get to work in this phase of the study.
And let me just say this up until now.
It's been, I think, an interesting development as we have seen things unfold.
Chapter 11, as I have shared with you before, this is one of my favorite chapters in all of the Bible.
But then, like being out on an ocean,
pretty soon a wave comes and knocks you down or sets you back and chapter 12 is almost like that.
So we get to this interesting chapter in chapter 11.
I want to call your attention tonight at verse number 12.
Let's start there.
I think that's pretty much where we ended last Wednesday night.
Actually, let me go back to verse 11 and start there.
Revelation chapter 11.
And verse number 11, let's jump in this study tonight here at this place.
All right, the word says this.
And after three days and a half, the Spirit of life from God entered into them.
Now, this is talking about the two witnesses.
And they have been sitting here on a divine mission.
They are preaching the gospel.
And I will tell you, and we will see in another place, from the ministry of these two witnesses, 144,000 are going to be saved from the 12 tribes of Israel.
These are people that have never heard a clear presentation of the gospel before.
So I don't want to confuse anybody if you're hearing these particular type of prophetic sermons for the very first time.
I don't want to mislead you, and it would require so much
So much study in the word.
It answers a question, will there be a second chance for anybody to be saved after the rapture?
Positively not, unless you happen to be at this particular phase one from the 12 tribes, somebody that's never heard a clear presentation of the gospel.
But then at this phase,
God works in a different way, in a different dispensation.
We have to keep that in play.
We have to keep that in our hearts and our minds.
Okay, so these two witnesses come.
They preach the gospel.
The Antichrist is able to create an enormous amount of havoc for them, but he's not able to kill them.
He will do everything within his power to try to do so, but he's unable to do it.
God has a hedge about them.
It's sort of like what God told the devil when the devil came searching for Job.
Satan basically argued with God and said, listen, I can get this man to curse you, turn his back on you.
God said, no, he won't do it.
And you remember what Satan said.
He said, if you remove the hedge, you take the hedge from him.
He said, I can do this.
God said, listen, you can do, I'll take the hedge.
You can do anything you want to do, but you cannot kill him.
And so that's a miraculous story on it.
So I will say this.
You might be interested to know that Job is the oldest book in the Bible.
But what we have here is not written in chronological order.
Job is the oldest book in the Bible, and probably Genesis was written somewhere in the time of Exodus, but it goes to show you that in other places in the New Testament.
First and second Thessalonians were written before, first and second Corinthians.
So the Bible is not in chronological order.
I like the story of Job about him being as diligent,
and committed and consecrated unto the Lord.
And he refused to give in in the darkest hours of his life.
And he had still maintained his love for God in spite of everything that was going on.
And you know the great scriptures.
He said, I know that my Redeemer lives.
By the way, this is all free tonight with Job.
How did Job know that?
The Old Testament hadn't been written.
The New Testament hadn't been written.
But God revealed Himself to Job in such a way he had that remarkable resolution.
So you and I, we're giving it.
We can read it, we can understand it, we can believe it.
But Job didn't have anything.
All he had was God.
And he was able to endure these persecutions.
Okay, so much for that.
But as God put a hedge at that time in Job's life, He will put a hedge around these two witnesses.
They will prophesy from their ministry.
144,000 will be saved.
And from their ministry, millions of people who have never heard a clear presentation of the gospel will be saved.
All right, that's another day, another prophecy, sermon all in itself.
But look at this.
After these two witnesses, God, well, let me say it this way.
God does eventually, when their work is done, when their mission is complete, God does take the hedge from around them.
Their work is done.
God allows the Antichrist
to kill them.
A lot of this circles around great mysteries of God, some of which we will never know until we get to heaven.
And then I think that the questions that we have bogged ourselves down with in this life, when we get there, we won't amount to a hill of beans.
The last thing in the world we're going to be wanting to know is for Jesus to answer a bunch of stuff like this.
Like the song says, when we've been there 10,000 years, bright shining as the sun.
So we will be passing in the sunlight of Jesus for millions and millions of years before I believe the first Bible question will ever come across our mind.
But God takes some of this, we can explain some of it, we can't.
Some of this we are to know, some we're not to know.
But it's interesting here how that God takes the hedge from them.
He allows the Antichrist to slay them.
They lay in the street for three days.
You know the story?
We've been talking about this.
And then at the end of three days, God brings them back to life.
Now, I want you to picture that scene just for a moment.
Because at this point, these people, the Antichrist, they have turned a global celebration into this event.
This is like Christmas.
It won't be like Christmas.
We know it because we celebrate the birth of Christ.
This celebration is completely an abomination to God.
But crowds have just poured into this place.
They have come from all over the world to get a glimpse of what is actually happening.
It's going to be broadcast all over the world.
Holiday crowds, I believe,
have flown in from all over the world.
People, as the Word says, they're exchanging gifts to one another just to see these two dead people.
And then these devilish people from all over the world, they're going to be dancing on top of their dead bodies.
And then the miracle happens in verse 12.
And they heard a great voice from heaven saying unto them, look at this, come up hither.
It's the same words we find in Revelation 4.
These two witnesses have
a rapture experience.
And as they ascend, the word says, up to heaven in a cloud.
And their enemies beheld them.
Now I want you to look at that.
But the interesting thing that I find in the Scripture, now, I understand, because I know the Bible, why these people
still have not repented at this point.
It kind of reminds me of a story.
In fact, I wanted to see this in Luke chapter 16.
Go there with me for a moment.
Luke chapter 16.
And they'll get these scriptures on the screen for you pretty fast.
Verses 30 through 31.
Obviously, this is about the story of Lazarus and the rich man.
You know, the rich man
died and according to the Word of God, he went to hell.
The Bible says, in torment, he lifted up his eyes.
He said, Father Abraham, come.
He said, dip your finger in water and make cool my tongue.
He said, I'm tormented in this flame.
And they began to conversate a little bit.
But look at this account.
And he said, Father Abraham, but if one would
went unto them from the dead, they will repent."
Okay, the guy is trying to use some reasoning with Abraham, and he said unto him, if they hear not Moses and the prophets, neither will they be persuaded though one rose from the dead.
Now, I want you to think about this for a moment.
Because in that story, Abraham makes it very clear that
there is no circumstance that would cause some of these people to turn their hearts back to God.
So that's very clear.
As we compare that story and Luke to this event here in Revelation, we would think that because all of these people are eyewitnesses to the resurrection
of these two witnesses.
That it would have created such a curiosity and a sense of belief that at that moment, out of everything that they had seen and been duped on, that they would now, in this particular segment of what is happening in prophecy, that they would repent.
They don't do it here.
So in verse number 13, but not to say they won't try.
At some point, we'll see that here coming up soon.
And then in verse number 13, in the same hour, there was a great earthquake and the tenth part of the city fell.
And in the earthquake were slain of men seven thousand.
And the remnant were frightened and gave glory to the God.
of heaven.
Now, it's like the Titanic.
Everybody's watching Rome burn at this point.
And they now, momentarily, I think some of these people realize they're doomed, but it's too late.
And we know how it plays out second Thessalonians makes it very clear to us.
But then in verse number 14, notice this, the second will was passed, and behold, the third will come as quickly.
In verse number 15, and the seventh angel sounded, and there were great voices in heaven saying, the kingdom of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord, and of His Christ, and He shall reign forever and ever.
I'm going to skip over, fellas.
I have a cross reference back there for you on the loop, but I'm going to press on with that.
I want to have a little bit more time here as we move on.
Well, I think it's probably best that I don't do that and go ahead and use it anyway.
So get it up there for me, Luke.
I don't want to play musical chairs with you back there, but I think that probably we'll look at it.
This next point is important.
In Luke's chapter four,
I want to read for you verses five through seven.
Look at this.
The devil is talking about the temptations of Jesus and the devil taking him up into a high mountain showed unto him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time.
And the devil said unto him, all this power I will give thee.
And the glory of them for that is delivered unto me.
and to whomsoever I will give it.
If thou, therefore, and this is crucial, we're coming back to it in a key component in chapter 13, especially.
But this is this is the argument that the devil is making to Jesus.
He says, I'm going to give you all the stuff.
If thou, therefore, will worship me.
He said, all shall be done.
I just imagine that the devil is trying to make a deal with God with the Lord Jesus here as if nothing belonged to the Lord.
The truth of the matter is the devil doesn't have anything to bargain with.
And he's trying to make the Lord Jesus some kind of trinket deal like this.
So the devil, he offered the Lord Jesus
the kingdoms.
But Jesus takes us to a place, as he speaks the word, it is written.
And we understand how that particular story unfolds.
But what I want us to focus in on now at this point is this, that what's happening in Revelation is that
The Lord Jesus is going to eventually take back what rightfully belongs to Him and what has belonged to Him all along anyway.
You have to remember when there was a ruckus in heaven.
We'll talk about another escapade here from the devil.
But when that happened, there was confusion.
There was things that took place where the devil was
hurled out in such a way that he had vowed to disrupt the creation of God from that point forward.
Now he does know his faith.
He knows what's going to happen to you.
But he is not going to go quietly.
And he's going to cause the Lord Jesus as much havoc as he possibly can.
And so there's no doubt in my mind he knows that he's already fighting a losing battle.
Well, let's look at this in verse number 16, Revelation 11 verse 16.
And the four and twenty elders which sat before God on their seats fell upon their faces and worshiped God, saying, We give thanks, O Lord God Almighty, which art and was an art to come, because thou hast taken thee to thee thy great power and hast reigned
and the nations were angry, and thy wrath has come in the time of the dead, that they should be judged, and that thou shouldest give reward unto thy servants and prophets and to the saints, and them that fear thy name small and great, and shouldest destroy them which destroy the earth."
All right.
Now, this is talking about a time of reward.
That's coming in the end.
Verse number 19.
And the temple of God was opened in heaven.
And there was seen in this temple the Ark of His Testament.
I believe this is the Ark of the Covenant.
I don't believe that the Ark of the Covenant is in Ethiopia.
I don't even really believe that it's buried in rubble behind the Wayland Wall.
The Scripture says here that there was seen in this temple the Ark of His Testament.
And there were lightnings and voices and thunderings and an earthquake and great hail.
Notice that.
Thunderings, earthquake, all of this creates the havoc on the earth.
We all know a little bit about what devastating storms can bring.
But things like this, apocalyptic proportions, we don't even have an imagination about it.
So chapter 12 now, let's look at this.
This is an unusual verse.
And there appeared a great wonder in heaven.
Now, as we study this part, you might want to underline the word wonder.
And then you might want to put in parentheses the word in heaven.
Underline the word wonder, put in parentheses the word in.
Let me read it again.
And there appeared a great wonder in heaven, a woman clothed with the sun and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars.
Now this is important.
What does this mean?
What is the meaning of this?
I think in my study, this verse takes us all the way back
to Genesis chapter 37.
In fact, I want to read this because when we read it, it may initially begin to make some kind of sense.
A lot of verses we say, what is this talking about?
I have no idea what this is all about.
All right, let's look at Genesis chapter 37 and let's read verses 1 through 10.
This, by the way, revolves around Joseph's
dream.
So the word says this, and Jacob dwelt in the land wherein his father was a stranger in the land of Canaan.
These are the generations of Jacob, Joseph being 17 years old, was feeding the flock with his brethren.
And the lad was with the sons of Elijah and with the sons of Salfa, his father's wives and Joseph
brought unto his father their evil report.
Now, Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age.
And he made him a coat of many colors.
We're familiar with that story up until this point, I think.
And when his brethren saw that their father loved him more than all his brethren, they hated him and could not speak peaceably unto him.
Now, look at this.
This is where I think we can connect some prophecy in Revelation 12.
And Joseph dreamed a dream.
And he told it his brethren, or he told his brothers what his dream was.
And they hated him yet the more.
He said unto them here, I pray you this dream which I have dreamed.
For behold, we were binding sheaves in the field.
And lo, my sheaf arose and also stood upright.
And behold, your sheaves stood round about, and made obstinance to my sheaf.
And his brethren said to him, Shall thou indeed reign over us?
They were saying, Have you lost your mind, Joseph?
Are you kidding all of us?
Or shall thou indeed have dominion over us?
And they hated him yet the more for his dreams and for his words.
So, let me stop here, fellas.
Hold on just a minute, and then let me clear something for you.
The dream Joseph had, he was telling his brothers that one day you're going to bow down to me, not to worship me, but you're going to bow down in great respect for me.
You guys hate me right now?
There's coming a day when this is all going to be turned around, and I'm going to have authority over you, and you're going to respect me, and you're going to be much lower than me.
So Joseph is really playing it for what it is.
And his brethren said to him, Shall thou indeed reign over us?
Shall thou indeed have dominion over us?
And they hated him.
Yet the more for his dreams than for his words.
And he dreamed yet another dream and told it his brethren and said, behold, I have dreamed a dream more.
Now, let's look at this.
We're going to come right back to it in Revelation chapter 12.
But look what Joseph's dream included.
He said, I have dreamed a dream more.
And behold, the sun and the moon
And the eleven stars made all these things to me first in.
And he told it to his father and to his brethren.
His father rebuked him and said unto him, What is this dream that thou has dreamed?
Shall I and thy mother and thy brethren indeed come and bow down ourselves to thee, to the earth?
Now, go back to verse number nine and look at it very carefully.
Behold, the sun and the moon and the 11 stars.
All right.
Now, having read this, going all the way back to Genesis 37, which I believe contains some prophecy as well, now go back with me now.
Turn forward to Revelation 12 and look at this verse again in verse number one.
And there appeared a great wonder in heaven.
A woman clothed with the sun and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars.
Now, listen carefully.
Joseph dreamed that the sun, the moon, and the eleven stars gave him great respect.
It was like making a gesture of respect for him, the person he was and who he had become.
And Joseph understood from his parents, the dream was given to him in such a way God made it clear and he understood it that his parents were included in this thing of respect.
They were going to also bow down and give him the homage to respect that was rightfully his.
In fact, in God's time, in God's time that happened.
And let me emphasize this, God always works on His time schedule and not ours.
We can never rush God.
They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength.
Sometimes waiting is difficult, but God requires that sometimes.
So His dream was a revelation from God.
Here it is that Israel, Israel
would be preserved through him.
This is what his dream amounted to, that Israel would be preserved through him.
And this chapter, I think, gives us a glimpse of that glorious dignity that was in God's thinking, how God closed the nation of Israel in an extraordinary way.
Israel wearing the sun,
His shoes, I think, describes the moon and her hat, the 12 stars.
So I think there's some prophecy connections in this as well.
I don't have time to go into much more than that.
But let me give you verse number two, because this is an interesting verse as well.
And she began with child.
Okay.
Who is this woman?
Notice this.
There appeared in verse one again, a great wonder in heaven, a woman.
Who is this woman?
All right.
And verse number two says that this woman being with child.
Notice that.
And she being with child cried, travailing in birth and pain to be delivered.
Now, this is prophetic.
This woman is with child.
She's getting ready to have a baby.
Now, look at this.
Who is the child?
Now, we've got to look at this very carefully, because I emphasized just a moment ago about the word wonder.
I asked you, I didn't rely on it.
I told you to put the word in in parentheses.
When you look at it very carefully, the wonder or the sign is in heaven.
But the birth takes place on the earth.
So that's why we have to examine this scripture very carefully.
The wonder or this sign, this miraculous thing is in heaven.
But the birth takes place on the earth now.
So let me tell you, Israel is the woman who brought forth the man-child who is to rule with a rod of iron.
Only Israel could be said that she is clothed with the sun, only Israel.
In fact, let's look at it quickly, Malachi chapter 4, 2.
But unto you that fear my name shall the sun of righteousness arise with healing in his wings, and ye shall go forth and grow up as calves of the stall.
So,
When you go back to Revelation 12, Israel is the one by the way who brought forth the Redeemer.
You know that, you know it very well.
Let me emphasize this.
The church did not produce the Savior.
In fact, Hebrews 2, verse number 16 says this, For verily he took not on him the nature of angels, but
He took on him the seed of Abraham.
Now, let me mention something else about this word woman here in the prophecy of Revelation 12.
There are four women, and I probably will have to stop at the end of this point tonight, but there are four women mentioned in Revelation.
If you're taking notes, you might want to write this down.
Number one, Jezebel.
And the reference is, let's look at it, Revelation 2.20.
Notwithstanding, I have a few things against thee because thou sufferest that woman, Jezebel, which called herself a prophetess to teach and seduce my service to commit fornication and to eat things sacrificed unto idols.
So,
Jezebel is one of the women mentioned in Revelation.
The second one is here in our text in Revelation chapter 12-2.
The third in this prophetic book talks about the great harlot.
And that is in Revelation 17 and verse number one.
And there came out of the seven angels which had these seven vials.
and talked with me, saying unto me, Come hither, and I must show unto thee the judgment of the great whore that sitteth upon many waters."
This is the third one.
And then the fourth one is in Revelation 22 in verse number 17.
And it's talking about the bride, the bride of Christ.
And the spirit and the bride, the church of the New Testament is the bride of Christ.
And the spirit and the bride say, come and let him that heareth say, come.
and let Him that is a thirst come, and whosoever will, let Him take the water of life freely."
All right.
So, it is the glorious glorification of the church that John's all coming down out of heaven.
That's what the bright is.
Now, the picture here is this.
The woman clothed with the sun, the moon, the stars upon her head.
It presents here at this devastating time of human history a complete
system of government as the Lord Jesus is about ready to set His kingdom up on this earth as He rules and reigns from the throne of David.
Isaiah chapter 9 verse number 7 says it this way, and of the increase of His government and peace there shall be no end upon the throne of David and upon His kingdom to order it and to establish it with judgment and with justice from henceforth.
even forever, the zeal of the Lord of hosts will perform this.
Now, this government of God will never end.
Now, I believe that the stars in the crown that we're looking at here points back to Joseph's dream in which the future glory of the 12 tribes is set forth.
OK, so this is what we learned tonight.
The woman is Israel.
I think we have time.
Just let me read verse 3 and we'll stop here with this.
And there appeared Revelation 12.3.
And there appeared another wonder in heaven.
And behold, a great red dragon having seven heads and ten horns and seven crowns upon his head.
Basically, now I have several
Add on scriptures here for you tonight that I don't have time to get into, but I will tell you this, and we'll look at this great red dragon.
The great red dragon is the devil.
Okay, so what do we learn tonight in verse number 12?
That the woman is talking about Israel.
The red dragon is talking about the devil.
and red signifies his murderous nature.
Well, there's a lot to see here, verse, or in chapter 12, and we'll pick up Lord willing next Wednesday night when we find some of these catastrophic things that take place even in the midst of the presence of God.
All right, we'll stop here tonight.
Good place to stop.
Lord bless you.
I hope you picked up something tonight.
He didn't know.
Amen.
Let's stand together as we get ready to close.
And this is an incredible book.
We can get to a verse or two and we can fly into it and fly right out.
But then there's some things that just keeps us studying through the week.
And I think that's good.
All right.
Appreciate you being here tonight.
This is a good group.
And I thank you for coming.
You listen to Pastor Tony Kahoot.
For more information, visit our website at Buford Road BaptistChurch.com.